Improve contributing guidelines (#16246)
directus/directus: contributing.md

everybody to be able to contribute to Directus, no matter your background or expertise. In order to facilitate that,
we've put together a couple ticks and tricks below. Our team truly appreciates every single contributor, community
member, GitHub star, pull-request, bug report, and feature request. Keeping Directus completely free and open-source is
our way of saying: **Thank you!**

> We're here to help!
>
> If you have _any_ questions along your contributor journey, please feel free to come chat with us on
> [our Discord server](https://directus.chat).

## Code of Conduct

**The Directus [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/directus/directus/blob/main/code_of_conduct.md) is one of the ways
we put our values into practice. We expect all of our staff, contractors and contributors to know and follow this
code.**

**Our contributors and maintainers work extremely hard to build Directus as premium open-source software. Please be
respectful of those efforts throughout our ecosystem. Trolling, harassing, insulting, or other unacceptable behavior by
participants will not be tolerated.**

> In the interest of fostering an open and welcoming environment, we as pledge to make participation in our project and

Reviewer: I believe the original excerpt is `we as contributors and maintainers pledge to making participation` as per the Code of Conduct:

https://github.com/directus/directus/blob/2adbb3bfd27639b3af4453d4ffcdd3be59736dea/code_of_conduct.md?plain=1#L5

but it might just be unintentionally left out in the copy/paste process 👍

> In the interest of fostering an open and welcoming environment, we as pledge to make participation in our project and

Author: I copied this over from the live docs where the same typo exists apparently 

<img width="795" alt="CleanShot 2022-11-01 at 10 47 24@2x" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9141017/199261980-2911f347-f9f7-4408-88a4-5c0340afaeda.png">

community a harassment-free experience for everyone, regardless of age, body size, disability, ethnicity, sex
characteristics, gender identity and expression, level of experience, education, socio-economic status, nationality,
personal appearance, race, religion, or sexual identity and orientation.

Examples of behavior that contributes to creating a positive environment include:

- Using welcoming and inclusive language
- Being respectful of differing viewpoints and experiences
- Gracefully accepting constructive criticism
- Focusing on what is best for the community
- Showing empathy towards other community members

**Before continuing, please take a moment to read our full
[Code of Conduct](https://github.com/directus/directus/blob/main/code_of_conduct.md).**

## Ways to Contribute

### Reporting Bugs

If you happen to run into a bug, please post an Issue on our main GitHub Issue board:
https://github.com/directus/directus/issues

> Please be as explicit and detailed as you can in the bug report. The more information is available, the easier it is for

Reviewer: On that note, maybe we can add in some tips such as making a **minimal** reproducible setup or schema snapshot in favor of screenshots of data models, that way it can still be detailed yet concise. 

But perhaps that can be delegated to the issue report template 🤔

other contributors to help you find the solution or fix.

### Leaving Feedback

If you have a great idea for an improvement of the platform, or any other feedback, please make sure to open a new
Discussion on our GitHub Discussions board: https://github.com/directus/directus/discussions

### Document the Project

> [The Directus Docs](https://github.com/directus/docs) are a living document that can always be improved on. Any parts of

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The [Directus Docs](https://github.com/directus/docs) are living documents that can always be improved on. Any parts of
```

Docs should be a plural term

> [The Directus Docs](https://github.com/directus/docs) are a living document that can always be improved on. Any parts of
> the docs in dire need of some tender love and care? Feel free to open a Pull Request!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[The Directus Docs](https://github.com/directus/docs) are a living document that can always be improved on. Notice any parts of
the docs in dire need of some tender love and care? Feel free to open a Pull Request!
```

Not sure if this "Notice" (or any other alternatives) is necessary, as it felt like something is missing before "Any". But could also just a phrase/structure that I'm not personally familiar with 😄

### Helping Others

The Directus community is growing quickly, which also means there's more and more people that have questions. Helping
out your fellow developers by answering questions on [Discord](https://directus.chat) or
[GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/directus/directus/discussions/categories/q-a) is a great way to help the
project.

### Pull Requests

#### Bug Fixes

We treat Issues on the main repo as actionable items we want to get done. This also means that we welcome PRs for any

> Issue that has been labeled. Labeled issues are bugs of new features that have been triaged, accepted, and are ready to

Reviewer: > Issue that has been labeled

This is probably just semantics, but wondering do we need to clarify the term "labeled" here, as there are labels such as "Bug (Potential)", "Needs More Info" etc 🤔 

Or it could be more of a communication thing (eg. maybe a user confirmed the "Bug (Potential)" labeled issue which is why they made the PR, but perhaps they can reply in said issue first to describe how they were able to reproduce it in the latest version)

> Issue that has been labeled. Labeled issues are bugs of new features that have been triaged, accepted, and are ready to

Reviewer 3: Suggest:
Labeled issues are bugs or new features

Reviewer 4: Also, "any Issue that has been labeled." Labeled what? At all? Can we clarify this?

#### Implementing Features

With the continuous growth of Directus, more and more people are relying on Directus for (critical) data workloads in
various use cases. This means we need to be careful with any changes that might affect the stability, security,
performance, or scalability of Directus. For this reason, it's important that any new feature is properly thought
through and discussed before being implemented.

Before you start writing code to implement your new feature idea, please read through and understand our triaging
process for new features before diving in. While we encourage and appreciate every code contribution, please understand
that we can't merge every suggested code change.

##### Triaging Process

Feature Request Discussions that are deemed ready to be implemented with the discussed implementation details are marked
"Accepted" and converted into an Issue, at which point the feature is ready to be implemented.

New feature ideas reported directly to issues might be converted into a Discussion for further triaging at
[the core team](https://github.com/orgs/directus/people)'s discretion first. This is often due to a lack of detail, or
lack of proven interest.

> Each Pull Request that comes in is required to resolve [an open Issue](https://github.com/directus/directus/issues).

Reviewer: Although the "Bug Fixes" section already highlighted the issue needs to be labeled/accepted, but should we explicitly (re)mention `labeled`/`accepted` in `an open Issue`?

> Each Pull Request that comes in is required to resolve [an open Issue](https://github.com/directus/directus/issues).

Reviewer 4: "Every submitted Pull Request is required..."
